---
title: Lessons
tags: front_page
---

<br/>

## Learn first hand from a professional

<br/>

- - -

# Ableton Live

Beginner, intermediate, and advanced topic classes.
We gauge your current level of expertise and work with you to become a power Live user in no time.
In-person and online personalized lessons

- - -

# Live Performance and DJing

Gain confidence in your abilities by practiving hand on with a professional. Our Producers and DJs have played at festivals accross the US and are ready to get you as pumped up as your crowd will be to hear you play.

- - -

# Sound Synthesis and Composition
Hands on experience with analog and digital synthesizers.
*  Find out for yourself what it means to have that 'analog sound'
*  Modular synthesis
*  Learn to break down almost any sound you hear in your favorate song.

- - -

# Editing & Mixing

## Learn about modern mixing techniques used by top industry professions.

*  When and why you should use effects in a mix.
*  How to balance levels so every instrument can be heard clearly.
*  The soundstage: Adding width and depth to a mix.

- - -

# Micriphone Placement & Recording Techniques

Every micriphone has its own characteristics and may only be usefull in sertain scenarios. You will be instructed how to identify different types of micriphones and when the best times to use them are.

- - -

# Critical Listening

## One of my favorites. Take your ears to the next level and explore sound like you've never heard it before!

*  Hone your listening skills to identify various ranges of frequencies.
*  Identify width and depth of misic in new ways.

- - -

# Room Acoustics & Speaker Placement

Don't let your room hold you back! Your mixes may be lacking due to impropper room treatment or speaker placement. It's more important then you may think!

- - -

# Software and DAW Exploration

Become familier with top of the line digital audio workstations like Ableton Live, Logic, and Pro Tools or delve deeper into various VSTs and plug-ins like Massive or Ozone.